readme.md, before:

# A CLI Tool for Ranger Self Installing and Integrating with AWS EMR Cluster and AD/LDAP

---

Author：Laurence Geng　　｜　　Created Date：2020-11-21　　｜　　Updated Date：2020-11-21

---

Update@2021/07/07

1. If EMR is based on Glue Data Catalog, Ranger still CAN work with it!
2. By now, this solution works with all EMR 6.X (6.0.0 - 6.3.0)

---

This is a command line tool which is used to install ranger and integrate a AWS EMR cluster and a windows AD or Open LDAP server as authentication channel. There is another closely related project: **[ranger-emr-cfn-installer](https://github.com/bluishglc/ranger-emr-cfn-installer)** which does the same job via aws cloudformation. The two projects are very close, but can work independently，you can pick anyone as you wish.

## 1. Ranger Introduction

Let’s check out Ranger's architecture:

![ranger-architecture](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5539582/99872048-f0c24480-2c19-11eb-8c0f-43df2552837c.png)

Ranger has 5 parts:

1. Ranger Admin Service
2. Ranger UserSync Service
3. A Backend RDB for Storing User's Authorization
4. A Solr Server for Storing Audit Log
5. A Series of Plugins for Big Data Components/Services

Besides above, there are 2 external dependencies For Ranger to integrate:

6. A Windows AD or Open LDAD Server as Authentication Channel
7. A Hadoop (AWS EMR) Cluster to Be Managed by Ranger

So, a fully Ranger installation will cover following jobs:

1. Install JDK (Required by Ranger Admin and Solr)
2. Install MySQL (As Ranger Backend RDB)
3. Install Solr (As Ranger Audit Store)
4. Install Ranger Admin (and Integrate with AD/LDAP Server)
5. Install Ranger UserSync (and Integrate with AD/LDAP Server)
6. Install Ranger Plugins (i.e. HDFS, Hive, HBase and so on)

## 2. Prerequisites

Before installing, make sure following items are ready or done:

1. Make sure the EMR cluster is in waiting status, no any job is running
2. Upload your private SSH key (the pem file) to ranger server, for example `/home/ec2-user/key.pem`
3. It's recommanded to explore users and groups on Windows AD or Open LDAP via GUI tool, for example LDAP Admin, so as to detemine AD/LDAP related parameters
4. Check network connectivities among Ranger server,  Windows AD or Open LDAP server and EMR nodes

## 3. Download

1. First of all, setup a clean linux server, login and switch to `root` user.

2. Install git and check out this project.

```bash
sudo yum -y install git
git clone https://github.com/bluishglc/ranger-emr-cli-installer.git /home/ec2-user/ranger-emr-cli-installer
```

## 4. Usage

After download, let's print usage to check if the cli tool is ready to use:

```bash
sh /home/ec2-user/ranger-emr-cli-installer/bin/setup.sh help
```
if goes well, the console will print all actions and options supported by this CLI tool:

```
=============================    RANGER-EMR-CLI-INSTALLER USAGE    =============================

SYNOPSIS

sudo sh ranger-emr-cli-installer/bin/setup.sh [ACTION] [--OPTION1 VALUE1] [--OPTION2 VALUE2]...

ACTIONS:

install                               Install all components
install-ranger                        Install ranger only
install-ranger-plugins                Install ranger plugin only
test-emr-ssh-connectivity             Test EMR ssh connectivity
test-emr-namenode-connectivity        Test EMR namenode connectivity
test-ldap-connectivity                Test LDAP connectivity
install-mysql                         Install MySQL
test-mysql-connectivity               Test MySQL connectivity
install-mysql-jdbc-driver             Install MySQL JDBC driver
install-jdk                           Install JDK8
download-ranger                       Download ranger
install-solr                          Install solr
test-solr-connectivity                Test solr connectivity
init-solr-as-ranger-audit-store       Test solr connectivity
init-ranger-admin-db                  Init ranger admin db
install-ranger-admin                  Install ranger admin
install-ranger-usersync               Install ranger usersync
help                                  Print help

OPTIONS:

--auth-type [ad|ldap]                 Authentication type, optional value: ad or ldap
--ad-domain                           Specify the domain name of windows ad server
--ad-url                              Specify the ldap url of windows ad server, i.e. ldap://10.0.0.1
--ad-base-dn                          Specify the base dn of windows ad server
--ad-bind-dn                          Specify the bind dn of windows ad server
--ad-bind-password                    Specify the bind password of windows ad server
--ad-user-object-class                Specify the user object class of windows ad server
--ldap-url                            Specify the ldap url of Open LDAP, i.e. ldap://10.0.0.1
--ldap-user-dn-pattern                Specify the user dn pattern of Open LDAP
--ldap-group-search-filter            Specify the group search filter of Open LDAP
--ldap-base-dn                        Specify the base dn of Open LDAP
--ldap-bind-dn                        Specify the bind dn of Open LDAP
--ldap-bind-password                  Specify the bind password of Open LDAP
--ldap-user-object-class              Specify the user object class of Open LDAP
--java-home                           Specify the JAVA_HOME path, default value is /usr/lib/jvm/java
--skip-install-mysql [true|false]     Specify If skip mysql installing or not, default value is 'false'
--mysql-host                          Specify the mysql server hostname or IP, default value is current host IP
--mysql-root-password                 Specify the root password of mysql
--mysql-ranger-db-user-password       Specify the ranger db user password of mysql
--solr-host                           Specify the solr server hostname or IP, default value is current host IP
--skip-install-solr [true|false]      Specify If skip solr installing or not, default value is 'false'
--ranger-host                         Specify the ranger server hostname or IP, default value is current host IP
--ranger-version [2.1.0]              Specify the ranger version, now only Ranger 2.1.0 is supported
--ranger-plugins [hdfs|hive|hbase]    Specify what plugins will be installed(accept multiple comma-separated values), now support hdfs, hive and hbase
--emr-master-nodes                    Specify master nodes list of EMR cluster(accept multiple comma-separated values), i.e. 10.0.0.1,10.0.0.2,10.0.0.3
--emr-core-nodes                      Specify core nodes list of EMR cluster(accept multiple comma-separated values), i.e. 10.0.0.4,10.0.0.5,10.0.0.6
--emr-ssh-key                         Specify the path of ssh key to connect EMR nodes
--restart-interval                    Specify the restart interval

```

This means the tool is ready to use.

## 5. Examples

To explain how to use this cli tool, assume we have following environment:

**A Windows AD Server:**

Key|Value
---------:|:-----
&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; IP|10.0.0.194
Domain Name|corp.emr.local
Base DN|cn=users,dc=corp,dc=emr,dc=local
Bind DN|cn=ranger,ou=service accounts,dc=example,dc=com
Bind DN Password|Admin1234!
User Object Class|person

**An Open LDAP Server:**

Key|Value
---------:|:-----
&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; IP|10.0.0.41
Base DN|dc=example,dc=com
Bind DN|cn=ranger,ou=service accounts,dc=example,dc=com
Bind DN Password|Admin1234!
User DN Pattern|uid={0},dc=example,dc=com
Bind Group Search Filter|(member=uid={0},dc=example,dc=com)
User Object Class|inetOrgPerson


**A Multi-Master EMR Cluster:**

Node|IP
---:|:---
&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;Master Nodes|10.0.0.177,10.0.0.199,10.0.0.21
Core Nodes|10.0.0.114,10.0.0.136


**A Normal EMR Cluster:**

Node|IP
---:|:---
&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;Master Nodes|10.0.0.177,10.0.0.199,10.0.0.21
Core Nodes|10.0.0.114,10.0.0.136

### 5.1. Install Ranger + Integrate a Window AD Server + Integrate A Multi-Master EMR Cluster

The following diagram illustrates what this example will do:

![example1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5539582/99872053-fc157000-2c19-11eb-94c4-ee36ed30ce14.png)

The following command line will finish this job:

```bash
sudo sh ranger-emr-cli-installer/bin/setup.sh install \
--auth-type ad \
--ad-domain corp.emr.local \
--ad-url ldap://10.0.0.194 \
--ad-base-dn 'cn=users,dc=corp,dc=emr,dc=local' \
--ad-bind-dn 'cn=ranger,ou=service accounts,dc=corp,dc=emr,dc=local' \
--ad-bind-password 'Admin1234!' \
--ad-user-object-class person \
--ranger-plugins hdfs,hive,hbase \
--emr-master-nodes 10.0.0.177,10.0.0.199,10.0.0.21 \
--emr-core-nodes 10.0.0.114,10.0.0.136 \
--emr-ssh-key /home/ec2-user/key.pem
```

This cli tool follows the principle of "convention over configuration", most parameters are preset by default values, so a complete equivalent version of above command line is as following:

```bash
sudo sh ranger-emr-cli-installer/bin/setup.sh install \
--ranger-host $(hostname -i) \
--java-home /usr/lib/jvm/java \
--skip-install-mysql false \
--mysql-host $(hostname -i) \
--mysql-root-password 'Admin1234!' \
--mysql-ranger-db-user-password 'Admin1234!' \
--skip-install-solr false \
--solr-host $(hostname -i) \
--auth-type ad \
--ad-domain corp.emr.local \
--ad-url ldap://10.0.0.194 \
--ad-base-dn 'cn=users,dc=corp,dc=emr,dc=local' \
--ad-bind-dn 'cn=ranger,ou=service accounts,dc=corp,dc=emr,dc=local' \
--ad-bind-password 'Admin1234!' \
--ad-user-object-class person \
--ranger-version 2.1.0 \
--ranger-plugins hdfs,hive,hbase \
--emr-master-nodes 10.0.0.177,10.0.0.199,10.0.0.21 \
--emr-core-nodes 10.0.0.114,10.0.0.136 \
--emr-ssh-key /home/ec2-user/key.pem \
--restart-interval 30
```

You can adjust more parameters against your demands or environments based on above cli.

### 5.2. Integrate The Second Normal EMR Cluster

The following diagram illustrates what this example will do:

![example2](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5539582/99872056-0172ba80-2c1a-11eb-9087-ea8e5ef353b7.png)

The following command line will finish this job:

```bash
sudo sh ranger-emr-cli-installer/bin/setup.sh install-ranger-plugins \
--ranger-host $(hostname -i) \
--solr-host $(hostname -i) \
--ranger-version 2.1.0 \
--ranger-plugins hdfs,hive,hbase \
--emr-master-nodes 10.0.0.18 \
--emr-core-nodes 10.0.0.69 \
--emr-ssh-key /home/ec2-user/key.pem \
--restart-interval 30
```

### 5.3. Install Ranger + Integrate a Open LDAP Server + Integrate A Multi-Master EMR Cluster

The following diagram illustrates what this example will do:

![example3](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5539582/99872059-059ed800-2c1a-11eb-82e7-da5e21949d44.png)

The following command line will finish this job:

```bash
sudo sh ranger-emr-cli-installer/bin/setup.sh install \
--auth-type ldap \
--ldap-url ldap://10.0.0.41 \
--ldap-base-dn 'dc=example,dc=com' \
--ldap-bind-dn 'cn=ranger,ou=service accounts,dc=example,dc=com' \
--ldap-bind-password 'Admin1234!' \
--ldap-user-dn-pattern 'uid={0},dc=example,dc=com' \
--ldap-group-search-filter '(member=uid={0},dc=example,dc=com)' \
--ldap-user-object-class inetOrgPerson \
--ranger-plugins hdfs,hive,hbase \
--emr-master-nodes 10.0.0.177,10.0.0.199,10.0.0.21 \
--emr-core-nodes 10.0.0.114,10.0.0.136 \
--emr-ssh-key /home/ec2-user/key.pem
```

Again，a complete equivalent version of above command line is as following:

```bash
sudo sh ranger-emr-cli-installer/bin/setup.sh install \
--ranger-host $(hostname -i) \
--java-home /usr/lib/jvm/java \
--skip-install-mysql false \
--mysql-host $(hostname -i) \
--mysql-root-password 'Admin1234!' \
--mysql-ranger-db-user-password 'Admin1234!' \
--skip-install-solr false \
--solr-host $(hostname -i) \
--auth-type ldap \
--ldap-url ldap://10.0.0.41 \
--ldap-base-dn 'dc=example,dc=com' \
--ldap-bind-dn 'cn=ranger,ou=service accounts,dc=example,dc=com' \
--ldap-bind-password 'Admin1234!' \
--ldap-user-dn-pattern 'uid={0},dc=example,dc=com' \
--ldap-group-search-filter '(member=uid={0},dc=example,dc=com)' \
--ldap-user-object-class inetOrgPerson \
--ranger-version 2.1.0 \
--ranger-plugins hdfs,hive,hbase \
--emr-master-nodes 10.0.0.177,10.0.0.199,10.0.0.21 \
--emr-core-nodes 10.0.0.114,10.0.0.136 \
--emr-ssh-key /home/ec2-user/key.pem \
--restart-interval 30
```

You can adjust more parameters against your demands or environments based on above cli.

## 6. Versions & Compatibility

The following is Ranger and EMR version compatibility form:

&nbsp;|Ranger 1.X|Ranger 2.x
---|---|---
EMR 5.X|Y|N
EMR 6.X|N|Y

For Ranger 1, it works with Hadoop 2, for Ranger 2, it works with Hadoop 3, **This project is developed against Ranger 2.1.0, so now, it can only integrate EMR 6.X.** For Ranger 1.2 + EMR 5.X, it is to be developed in the next according to demands.

Commit message:

comments for doc of version 2.0

readme.md, after:

# A CLI Tool for Ranger Self Installing and Integrating with AWS EMR Cluster and AD/LDAP

---

Author：Laurence Geng　　｜　　Created Date：2020-11-21　　｜　　Updated Date：2020-11-21

---

## The documents for brand-new version 2.0 is coming soon...


Update@2021/07/07

1. If EMR is based on Glue Data Catalog, Ranger still CAN work with it!
2. By now, this solution works with all EMR 6.X (6.0.0 - 6.3.0)

---

This is a command line tool which is used to install ranger and integrate a AWS EMR cluster and a windows AD or Open LDAP server as authentication channel. There is another closely related project: **[ranger-emr-cfn-installer](https://github.com/bluishglc/ranger-emr-cfn-installer)** which does the same job via aws cloudformation. The two projects are very close, but can work independently，you can pick anyone as you wish.

## 1. Ranger Introduction

Let’s check out Ranger's architecture:

![ranger-architecture](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5539582/99872048-f0c24480-2c19-11eb-8c0f-43df2552837c.png)

Ranger has 5 parts:

1. Ranger Admin Service
2. Ranger UserSync Service
3. A Backend RDB for Storing User's Authorization
4. A Solr Server for Storing Audit Log
5. A Series of Plugins for Big Data Components/Services

Besides above, there are 2 external dependencies For Ranger to integrate:

6. A Windows AD or Open LDAD Server as Authentication Channel
7. A Hadoop (AWS EMR) Cluster to Be Managed by Ranger

So, a fully Ranger installation will cover following jobs:

1. Install JDK (Required by Ranger Admin and Solr)
2. Install MySQL (As Ranger Backend RDB)
3. Install Solr (As Ranger Audit Store)
4. Install Ranger Admin (and Integrate with AD/LDAP Server)
5. Install Ranger UserSync (and Integrate with AD/LDAP Server)
6. Install Ranger Plugins (i.e. HDFS, Hive, HBase and so on)

## 2. Prerequisites

Before installing, make sure following items are ready or done:

1. Make sure the EMR cluster is in waiting status, no any job is running
2. Upload your private SSH key (the pem file) to ranger server, for example `/home/ec2-user/key.pem`
3. It's recommanded to explore users and groups on Windows AD or Open LDAP via GUI tool, for example LDAP Admin, so as to detemine AD/LDAP related parameters
4. Check network connectivities among Ranger server,  Windows AD or Open LDAP server and EMR nodes

## 3. Download

1. First of all, setup a clean linux server, login and switch to `root` user.

2. Install git and check out this project.

```bash
sudo yum -y install git
git clone https://github.com/bluishglc/ranger-emr-cli-installer.git /home/ec2-user/ranger-emr-cli-installer
```

## 4. Usage

After download, let's print usage to check if the cli tool is ready to use:

```bash
sh /home/ec2-user/ranger-emr-cli-installer/bin/setup.sh help
```
if goes well, the console will print all actions and options supported by this CLI tool:

```
=============================    RANGER-EMR-CLI-INSTALLER USAGE    =============================

SYNOPSIS

sudo sh ranger-emr-cli-installer/bin/setup.sh [ACTION] [--OPTION1 VALUE1] [--OPTION2 VALUE2]...

ACTIONS:

install                               Install all components
install-ranger                        Install ranger only
install-ranger-plugins                Install ranger plugin only
test-emr-ssh-connectivity             Test EMR ssh connectivity
test-emr-namenode-connectivity        Test EMR namenode connectivity
test-ldap-connectivity                Test LDAP connectivity
install-mysql                         Install MySQL
test-mysql-connectivity               Test MySQL connectivity
install-mysql-jdbc-driver             Install MySQL JDBC driver
install-jdk                           Install JDK8
download-ranger                       Download ranger
install-solr                          Install solr
test-solr-connectivity                Test solr connectivity
init-solr-as-ranger-audit-store       Test solr connectivity
init-ranger-admin-db                  Init ranger admin db
install-ranger-admin                  Install ranger admin
install-ranger-usersync               Install ranger usersync
help                                  Print help

OPTIONS:

--auth-type [ad|ldap]                 Authentication type, optional value: ad or ldap
--ad-domain                           Specify the domain name of windows ad server
--ad-url                              Specify the ldap url of windows ad server, i.e. ldap://10.0.0.1
--ad-base-dn                          Specify the base dn of windows ad server
--ad-bind-dn                          Specify the bind dn of windows ad server
--ad-bind-password                    Specify the bind password of windows ad server
--ad-user-object-class                Specify the user object class of windows ad server
--ldap-url                            Specify the ldap url of Open LDAP, i.e. ldap://10.0.0.1
--ldap-user-dn-pattern                Specify the user dn pattern of Open LDAP
--ldap-group-search-filter            Specify the group search filter of Open LDAP
--ldap-base-dn                        Specify the base dn of Open LDAP
--ldap-bind-dn                        Specify the bind dn of Open LDAP
--ldap-bind-password                  Specify the bind password of Open LDAP
--ldap-user-object-class              Specify the user object class of Open LDAP
--java-home                           Specify the JAVA_HOME path, default value is /usr/lib/jvm/java
--skip-install-mysql [true|false]     Specify If skip mysql installing or not, default value is 'false'
--mysql-host                          Specify the mysql server hostname or IP, default value is current host IP
--mysql-root-password                 Specify the root password of mysql
--mysql-ranger-db-user-password       Specify the ranger db user password of mysql
--solr-host                           Specify the solr server hostname or IP, default value is current host IP
--skip-install-solr [true|false]      Specify If skip solr installing or not, default value is 'false'
--ranger-host                         Specify the ranger server hostname or IP, default value is current host IP
--ranger-version [2.1.0]              Specify the ranger version, now only Ranger 2.1.0 is supported
--ranger-plugins [hdfs|hive|hbase]    Specify what plugins will be installed(accept multiple comma-separated values), now support hdfs, hive and hbase
--emr-master-nodes                    Specify master nodes list of EMR cluster(accept multiple comma-separated values), i.e. 10.0.0.1,10.0.0.2,10.0.0.3
--emr-core-nodes                      Specify core nodes list of EMR cluster(accept multiple comma-separated values), i.e. 10.0.0.4,10.0.0.5,10.0.0.6
--emr-ssh-key                         Specify the path of ssh key to connect EMR nodes
--restart-interval                    Specify the restart interval

```

This means the tool is ready to use.

## 5. Examples

To explain how to use this cli tool, assume we have following environment:

**A Windows AD Server:**

Key|Value
---------:|:-----
&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; IP|10.0.0.194
Domain Name|corp.emr.local
Base DN|cn=users,dc=corp,dc=emr,dc=local
Bind DN|cn=ranger,ou=service accounts,dc=example,dc=com
Bind DN Password|Admin1234!
User Object Class|person

**An Open LDAP Server:**

Key|Value
---------:|:-----
&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; IP|10.0.0.41
Base DN|dc=example,dc=com
Bind DN|cn=ranger,ou=service accounts,dc=example,dc=com
Bind DN Password|Admin1234!
User DN Pattern|uid={0},dc=example,dc=com
Bind Group Search Filter|(member=uid={0},dc=example,dc=com)
User Object Class|inetOrgPerson


**A Multi-Master EMR Cluster:**

Node|IP
---:|:---
&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;Master Nodes|10.0.0.177,10.0.0.199,10.0.0.21
Core Nodes|10.0.0.114,10.0.0.136


**A Normal EMR Cluster:**

Node|IP
---:|:---
&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;Master Nodes|10.0.0.177,10.0.0.199,10.0.0.21
Core Nodes|10.0.0.114,10.0.0.136

### 5.1. Install Ranger + Integrate a Window AD Server + Integrate A Multi-Master EMR Cluster

The following diagram illustrates what this example will do:

![example1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5539582/99872053-fc157000-2c19-11eb-94c4-ee36ed30ce14.png)

The following command line will finish this job:

```bash
sudo sh ranger-emr-cli-installer/bin/setup.sh install \
--auth-type ad \
--ad-domain corp.emr.local \
--ad-url ldap://10.0.0.194 \
--ad-base-dn 'cn=users,dc=corp,dc=emr,dc=local' \
--ad-bind-dn 'cn=ranger,ou=service accounts,dc=corp,dc=emr,dc=local' \
--ad-bind-password 'Admin1234!' \
--ad-user-object-class person \
--ranger-plugins hdfs,hive,hbase \
--emr-master-nodes 10.0.0.177,10.0.0.199,10.0.0.21 \
--emr-core-nodes 10.0.0.114,10.0.0.136 \
--emr-ssh-key /home/ec2-user/key.pem
```

This cli tool follows the principle of "convention over configuration", most parameters are preset by default values, so a complete equivalent version of above command line is as following:

```bash
sudo sh ranger-emr-cli-installer/bin/setup.sh install \
--ranger-host $(hostname -i) \
--java-home /usr/lib/jvm/java \
--skip-install-mysql false \
--mysql-host $(hostname -i) \
--mysql-root-password 'Admin1234!' \
--mysql-ranger-db-user-password 'Admin1234!' \
--skip-install-solr false \
--solr-host $(hostname -i) \
--auth-type ad \
--ad-domain corp.emr.local \
--ad-url ldap://10.0.0.194 \
--ad-base-dn 'cn=users,dc=corp,dc=emr,dc=local' \
--ad-bind-dn 'cn=ranger,ou=service accounts,dc=corp,dc=emr,dc=local' \
--ad-bind-password 'Admin1234!' \
--ad-user-object-class person \
--ranger-version 2.1.0 \
--ranger-plugins hdfs,hive,hbase \
--emr-master-nodes 10.0.0.177,10.0.0.199,10.0.0.21 \
--emr-core-nodes 10.0.0.114,10.0.0.136 \
--emr-ssh-key /home/ec2-user/key.pem \
--restart-interval 30
```

You can adjust more parameters against your demands or environments based on above cli.

### 5.2. Integrate The Second Normal EMR Cluster

The following diagram illustrates what this example will do:

![example2](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5539582/99872056-0172ba80-2c1a-11eb-9087-ea8e5ef353b7.png)

The following command line will finish this job:

```bash
sudo sh ranger-emr-cli-installer/bin/setup.sh install-ranger-plugins \
--ranger-host $(hostname -i) \
--solr-host $(hostname -i) \
--ranger-version 2.1.0 \
--ranger-plugins hdfs,hive,hbase \
--emr-master-nodes 10.0.0.18 \
--emr-core-nodes 10.0.0.69 \
--emr-ssh-key /home/ec2-user/key.pem \
--restart-interval 30
```

### 5.3. Install Ranger + Integrate a Open LDAP Server + Integrate A Multi-Master EMR Cluster

The following diagram illustrates what this example will do:

![example3](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5539582/99872059-059ed800-2c1a-11eb-82e7-da5e21949d44.png)

The following command line will finish this job:

```bash
sudo sh ranger-emr-cli-installer/bin/setup.sh install \
--auth-type ldap \
--ldap-url ldap://10.0.0.41 \
--ldap-base-dn 'dc=example,dc=com' \
--ldap-bind-dn 'cn=ranger,ou=service accounts,dc=example,dc=com' \
--ldap-bind-password 'Admin1234!' \
--ldap-user-dn-pattern 'uid={0},dc=example,dc=com' \
--ldap-group-search-filter '(member=uid={0},dc=example,dc=com)' \
--ldap-user-object-class inetOrgPerson \
--ranger-plugins hdfs,hive,hbase \
--emr-master-nodes 10.0.0.177,10.0.0.199,10.0.0.21 \
--emr-core-nodes 10.0.0.114,10.0.0.136 \
--emr-ssh-key /home/ec2-user/key.pem
```

Again，a complete equivalent version of above command line is as following:

```bash
sudo sh ranger-emr-cli-installer/bin/setup.sh install \
--ranger-host $(hostname -i) \
--java-home /usr/lib/jvm/java \
--skip-install-mysql false \
--mysql-host $(hostname -i) \
--mysql-root-password 'Admin1234!' \
--mysql-ranger-db-user-password 'Admin1234!' \
--skip-install-solr false \
--solr-host $(hostname -i) \
--auth-type ldap \
--ldap-url ldap://10.0.0.41 \
--ldap-base-dn 'dc=example,dc=com' \
--ldap-bind-dn 'cn=ranger,ou=service accounts,dc=example,dc=com' \
--ldap-bind-password 'Admin1234!' \
--ldap-user-dn-pattern 'uid={0},dc=example,dc=com' \
--ldap-group-search-filter '(member=uid={0},dc=example,dc=com)' \
--ldap-user-object-class inetOrgPerson \
--ranger-version 2.1.0 \
--ranger-plugins hdfs,hive,hbase \
--emr-master-nodes 10.0.0.177,10.0.0.199,10.0.0.21 \
--emr-core-nodes 10.0.0.114,10.0.0.136 \
--emr-ssh-key /home/ec2-user/key.pem \
--restart-interval 30
```

You can adjust more parameters against your demands or environments based on above cli.

## 6. Versions & Compatibility

The following is Ranger and EMR version compatibility form:

&nbsp;|Ranger 1.X|Ranger 2.x
---|---|---
EMR 5.X|Y|N
EMR 6.X|N|Y

For Ranger 1, it works with Hadoop 2, for Ranger 2, it works with Hadoop 3, **This project is developed against Ranger 2.1.0, so now, it can only integrate EMR 6.X.** For Ranger 1.2 + EMR 5.X, it is to be developed in the next according to demands.
